We have enemy contact.
The operation can begin!
I need some help here.
Interesting creatures!
Pity my father isn't here. This species would interest him indeed.
Carnivores, maybe even omnivores? I could not say.
I heard something.
Could this be pheromone? This stuff is not meant for humans to smell.
It is much too peaceful here.
My interest in this new species is somewhat limited! I do not wish to study their hunting behavior from close-up.
Oh, they hunt in packs...aah!
A closer look at that...
What is that?
Out of ammo!
I need a pressure bandage - and morphium - fast!
Rudolf... it had to happen. It was either you or me... It is out of our hands. But really, could you EVER have imagined us two in a fireplace rocking chair?
Pity about you, Victor. You were a man of principle. That impressed me.

Where were we?
This weapon is jamming.
Too much lead in the air!
That was bad...
That was very close.
Wishful thinking.
I'm losing too much blood. I have to stop this bleeding!
Human bodies need a pause - it is time for mine.
It's like a rarified atmosphere - breathe...breathe!
He definitely earned that.
Maybe I should take a bio-sample?
That Buzz really gets to me.

Fox is exactly the right name for that little tramp.
It's over, Mike.
No doctor can help here.

I await new orders.
Regretfully, I have to say no.
Operation concluded - patient dead.
It's a shame really. And I have no formaldehyde... Do we have any dry ice here?
It would be better for some team members to get out of my way....fast.
My motivation is at zero level. This mission has lost its meaning for me.
Some people don't belong here - or, I could be in the wrong place at the wrong time - but mostly in the wrong company.
Air strike!
As a doctor I like to have good tools when I'm stitching someone up - as a merc, when I am killing someone, I do not need Scheisse like this!


It's nice when one can master something - and I am getting better all the time...
Doubtful...very doubtful.
Well, just as I said...
That Buzz has a bad effect on my circulation.

There is no one better than Rudolf!
Yes! Excellent, Victor! Why do they all call you Monk?

Too soon for me...let us wait to see how it will be.
Mike?
Ahh, my retina, my EYES...I can see nothing!
Surgical and military operations have one thing in common - some simply cannot be done...
One must admire the people here for their endurance. I can well imagine what they have been through.
Enemy in vicinity!
We are not done here yet - there are still enemies around.
What is that?
An excellent weapon!
That must be Joey - after him!
My apologies for my countrywoman. It is a special pleasure for me to help this country and its people. I have known the horrors of a dictatorship too.
This sector is now green - and surgically clean.
There are items missing. Someone has helped himself to our supplies.
It is through people like her that evil governments can exist and flourish.
Arulco really has very interesting fauna...
It is a good feeling, this fighting for a better world. I liken it to the feeling I get after a clean, successful operation. You first remove a cancerous growth - then the patient has rehabilitation...mmm-mmh
It would seem that the enemy has retreated.
I will sleep now.
Ahh, that was good. Even a short sleep can work wonders for the body.
My opinion exactly.
This thing here is kaputt.
Looks like a booby trap.
Be careful to watch the ground - it is perhaps a trap.
I am drowning...!


No thank you. I have been reading about you - and the conditions in which people have to be working under you.
Corpses surround you - you are well-known for this.
I must visit a medical congress, I am sorry.
I do not like it when one makes me wait. The next time you could ask earlier...
Here is Dr. Laura Colin. In urgent cases, please buzz my pager.
You may ask me again next time...
I do not like being bugged. And Buzz bugs me very much - no, I am sorry.

No, not if our 'little fox' is on the team - that one I hate...she annoys me very badly.
Would you agree to a contract extension, perhaps?
Good. We agree.
Yes, I believe the mission will hold much interest for me.
I may speak openly...the reason why I am accepting in spite of my... misgivings.. is that you have employed Rudof Steiger. He is a true professional - if he is with us, my concerns are nothing.
Well, I am curious to know whether my positive impression of this Victor Kolesnikov can be true - therefore.. I agree.

Hah! I could imagine something much better...a better atmosphere, do you understand? Like going to the dentist to get a tooth pulled...
I said...
If you have money problems, please do not ask rhetorical questions in future, OK?
It is your decision.
I am of the opinion that too many good people die on your missions. And I do not mean through illness either!
I cannot stand men-hating women like that Buzz - I must say no.

With Fox together? Thank you, no. If I wish to hear telephone sex during a mission, I will let you know.
I like to work with Rudolf. For me he is a full pro. However, I must tell you...this is the only reason why I am saying yes.
That Victor Kolesnikov interests me, indeed...of course on a purely professional basis...I say yes!

I said...
You have no capital...but perhaps you are not aware of this?
Hallo?
Perhaps we should make a few...stretches and pushups?
More speed would be appreciated.
The contract...how long were you thinking of?
When you know what you wish - call me. I ask you not to be so generous in future - with my time.
I prefer not to work with Buzz. She has an effect on every team like arsenic on a human stomach.

Please remember - our agreement is coming to an end.
I am getting better and better. I think my pay should reflect this fact.

