It is an ingrate.
Finally, the pleasure commences.
I am overwhelmed by their aggression.
Finally, the pleasure commences.
I believe we have found the source of our troubles. It is time to turn off the tap.
I, Gaston Cavalier, shall stay on alert for those that have vanished.
I am alerted by the strange sounds around me.
I must be respectful of the danger that is near.
I must be respectful of the danger that is near.
I do not like this. I am suspicious... like a jealous lover engaged to a harlot.
I am overwhelmed by their aggression.
I have located something.
It is there for the taking.
I am not at ease with an empty weapon.
I shall die... soon... with bravery and honor.
In death, the Fox has left many a broken heart scattered across this pitiful place.
I am saddened by the loss of Buns. But, perhaps, death will offer her a second chance at life. May she not suffer from cemented emotion the next time around.
Buzz is at peace now. Only death, or Gaston, could quell such internal anger.
I am without a destiny.
Mon dieu... a gun that does not work.
Fire at will, but you cannot damage MY confidence.
I was mislead. A victim of dirty tactics.
Ha... you will die, you incompetent fool!
It would require the wind of a hurricane to come even close.
I can only hope my injury does not leave a repulsive scar.
Fatigue is the most dangerous of enemies.
I am... without air.
You are dismissed... easily.
It was inevitable.
This Malice... He butchers the language of my mother. I can no longer bear this verbal slaughter.
Flo disgraces the battlefield with her presence. She is not French, this woman. She has lived in America. And she has bought many hamburgers from that clown... Ronald whatever.
I do not wish to be Biff. He is an imbecile of the highest caliber, much like his partner in business.
I am leaving this place. Biff is intolerable and incompetent. I would not even allow this boy to park my automobile.
It is tragic. I had hoped the pieces would be bigger.
I would much prefer the use of a boat.
I am dispensed with my chore.
It would be ludicrous.
Gaston has passed through the deathtrap. We shall taste the champagne of victory.
I believe we have concluded our duty as animal control officers.
A clown without a circus.
I am bored. Bored with my own despair.
Ah... My heart aches for the company of civilized men.
The plane has spotted us. I am their target.
I am guessing my equipment did not come in a box.
I am forced to endure scoundrels. War, it is a magnet for the lowest of class.
America! A country without culture. A people drawn to bright flashy lights like bugs.
I have earned this.
Am I the only one alerted by the pure stupidity of this?
Why do I imagine you puzzled?
I throw in my glove. I can turn my back on my people no longer. When Malice speaks, my ancestors twirl in their tombs. This is not French! Not French, I tell you. I am leaving now.
I am shamed by Flo. I will leave quietly without incident.
Oh, Fox... Oh Fox.
You are hot, Buns! An open fire on a cold winter night.
Buzz, there is such untapped passion in you.


I am blinded! I shall feel my way through the darkness. I have done this before.
It is not possible.
She was most impressed with Gaston. This was obvious.
We share the same space with our enemies.
I, Gaston Cavalier, shall stay on alert for those that have vanished.

I treat my gun like a woman, and the trigger responds to my touch.
I am wary. He appears to be a friendly fellow, but so did our pilot.
You are not the first to part with Gaston due to inferior sentiments.
They have been dispensed. I savor victory yet again.
I do not like this. I am suspicious... like a jealous lover engaged to a harlot.
I can only hope we will be meeting other women.
Now, there is the cat's meow.
I have done what it is I came to do. Now, I must attend to urgent needs of a kinder nature. It was a pleasure, filled with many moments.
They flee to safety. Ha! They respect my talent.


Include me in this.
It is an affront to my dignity to be holding such junk.
It would probably be best if someone else were to play with this.
I do not like this. I am suspicious... like a jealous lover engaged to a harlot.

I am at my destiny. How will you use me now?
At last, I am no longer without connection to the civilized world. The computer is back in order.
My god... I am alive.
Something tells me you have done this before.
We sit like ducks in this place. Someone must be alerted of our bad landing.
There is no way to exit up here. There must be a way to open the door below.
My departure is not possible. We are lead down the same path in this tunnel of war.
I was not advised of the proper attire, and resent the shivers that dance over my body.
I believe we have found the source of our troubles. It is time to turn off the tap.
What a despicable place! I doubt they sell wine with a cork in this town.
The chill has finally left my body. I have skied in warmer climates.
Gaston has passed through the deathtrap. We shall taste the champagne of victory.
I believe they await our arrival. I am sure there are people in Algiers who were shaken by the noise!
Everyone has passed through the trap of death. I am unsure if this is for the best.
I can only hope we will be meeting other women.
Raul is a man in need of slapping. However, in times of war we are forced into the mercy of men like this.
I will kill this man, personally.
I am wary. He appears to be a friendly fellow, but so did our pilot.
Welcome Manuel... Would you, ah, take offence if I was to offer you my eau de toilette? You may use it liberally as if it was your own.
Welcome Colonel. There is always room on my team for men with proper military training.
I wonder, Mister Kulba, how many decades have flew by since you were doing this, ah,  spare time, weekend warrior, stint as a hobby?
A Japanese cowboy? And a movie star? Where do these mercenaries come from? And what possibly lies ahead, eh? Barney, the dinosaur?
I am taken aback! It is not possible. A weapon I never killed anyone with before?
I am unsure of this... A blender of death under the control of strangers.
It was inevitable.
Perhaps, it is best I have a look at that paper.
It was beautiful. An inspiration to witness. An explosion like no other.
It appears that not all the guards were in their quarters. Or, perhaps, we are making contact with different troops.
An eighteenth century hand mortar. An ingenious weapon for its time. French, I believe.
I believe we have concluded our duty as animal control officers.
This is ironic! The imbecile has blown himself to pieces.
Unfortunately, everything on his person is also in many pieces.
Without wirecutters, I am left with little choice but to beat this barrier until it succumbs to my superior strength. I shall attempt to do so quietly, but it does not appear possible.
It is a most impressive door. It will not be opened easily.
It is time to go down... to the basement. I believe we have found the secret.
My God... What is that irritating noise?
That is the signal. We have access to the fan.
It is as I suspected - the coordinates for launching the missiles. Like the imbeciles they are, they have marked the origin.. .
I shall turn their stupidity against them. I should be able to arrange this easily at the controls, then I shall make my escape quickly by way of the elevator.


























