Our friends are here again...
Time to work...
Holy Shit...
Can you see what I see? Maggot alarm!
Holy Shit! I have an insect allergy - is that a maggot?
Well, it wasn't wolves - could be maggots...
Sshh, hear that?
I believe these insects cripple their enemies with their smell.
It's too quiet for my liking...
I think the maggots are near.
C'MON...I'm your natural enemy - you don't believe it, eh?
Something there!
What's that there?
Out of ammo! Reload!
Won't last long without a medic...
Verdammt Rudolf...I never thought they would get YOU. 

Fidel, you're not dead! C'mon, stop acting!  Neiiin! He IS dead!
What did I just want?
Damn gun's jammed!
Heavy shit here...
That was hard to take...
A near miss there...!
No line of fire!
I must stop this bleeding - fast.
I really need some sleep.
I need to breathe...
It's all over for you...
Ha! At last...
I can take punishment - what I CAN'T take is that verdammt New-Age Thor. He better put his dick in his mouth...schnell.

We have AT LEAST TWO lunatics here...there's Numb of course...- and the guy who hired him!
Auf Wiedersehen, Mikey boy.
Ouh! Red white and gray - and you're NOT ok! Heh-heh-heh

Ready.
I will not do that.
She wasn't my type anyway.
Jaaa! That finishes the monster maggot!
I think it's time for a change - an idiot-free occupation this time...
Arulco, hah...how interesting...
This here is the company my Mom always warned me about....
Air raid!
They seem to think we don't need good equipment. I don't like that...
This team has a lot to learn...but they don't put their minds to it...

Not bad....I'm getting even better!
We could send Deidranna a fax with our attack plan. That would be just as effective.
Perhaps sarcasm is lost on some people...YES...the fax!
If I'd known I'd have to listen to that windbag Thor, I would NOT have been here!

Yees, Rudolf, you are the MAAAAN!

That Fidel is priceless! Did you SEE THAT?
To extend now? Too early, I think. 
Holy Shit! Mike?
What the hell...my eyes...burning...I'm blind!!
Cannot be done!
Quite pleasant, these people.
Enemy presence...be alert.
The enemy is still here - you must be careful.
What's this?
Good workmanship...
Hey, that looks like Joey! After him!
We have come to bring order to Arulco. You can depend on us to help you.
Enemy eliminated - now we can look around in peace...
Someone has been playing with our shipment.   Corrupt bastards!
She was definitely NOT better class...
A big cat...
This was a good and important mission, perfectly organised and commanded. I enjoyed it. I would like to work with this team again.
Not all of the enemy are dead, but there are no more here. I believe they have retreated.
I'm losing my concentration...time to rest.
Now I'm ready.
And another here!
This THING isn't working.
Looks like a booby trap.
Something suspicious on the ground there.
Verdammt..I'm going down...
Have arrived - await instructions.

I expect outstanding qualities from a commander. From what I hear, you are lacking in that department.
You lose too many good men - not interested
Sorry, I'm writing a poem for my girl...and you can't interrupt genius at work.
Oh, what a shame. If I had known that....mmmm. Remember I am a mercenary - so ask earlier next time, ja?
Here is Henning von Branitz. I am not available at present. Please  leave a message after the tone.
Looks like we're finished here. I wish you luck.
Thor is with you too? Then I must decline. You will find out why. I wish you good luck....you'll need it...

Nein! ... One mission with Numb is enough. Some people cannot learn, but he...he is a crazy shithead. No! NO chance! .
I would suggest a contract extension, what do you think?
Agreed!
I'm on my way.
You managed to get Rudolf? It will be a pleasure to work with him...even  in spite of certain doubts I have...

Perhaps I'm making a mistake, but I won't miss out on the chance of a mission with Fidel
I never thought you would ever ask me to work for you again...I live and learn!
I said...
The word merc means mercenary - and THAT means money. I don't work for charities...
This is bad for the reputation...
So, you are as rich as Croesus...one guy dies, you buy another, fine.  But for me your death rate is too high - much too high...
I have a bad feeling about that Thor...like repairing his face by force.. A contract extension? No chance.

You want to know in a word why I'm not renewing.......NUMB!
Rudolf and me are a good team. I can't say that about many I know... In other words, I'm in.

When I was an instructor on Cuba, I knew a guy like Fidel.  Good times...so because of Fidel I'll sign up...but for the record - it's not because I find your mission so attractive.
I said...
Your bank account is shitty - impossible.
Hello!

I don't have all the time in the world...
How long should the contract be?
Call again - but only when you know what you want.
I'm telling you now - I HATE working with Thor.

Just reminding you - my contract will soon be up.
I have improved yet again. And experience pays, they say...but in cash, I hope.

