Insolents.
Very well, then... Time to dispense with formalities.
Experiencing a tad of trouble.
Very well, then... Time to dispense with formalities.
Right, then... Very few problems a well-placed charge can't solve. We'll just have to get clear and cover our ears.
Have you ever been up the Nile? Right, then...didn't think so, then. Led a number of expeditions, myself. Nasty river that. Saw a man feed his peter to a school of piranhas once. Unintentionally, of course.
I heard it clear as day. Someone or something's about!
It appears they sought sanctuary elsewhere. Most likely caught a whiff of the tea, I believe...
Many years of jungle experience... I have, then... So I know when to anticipate a bad situation... when I anticipate a bad situation.
Many years of jungle experience... I have, then... So I know when to anticipate a bad situation... when I anticipate a bad situation.
Experiencing a tad of trouble.
There's something.
What's that, then?
An unloaded gun.. right, then. Ammo!
For king and country... Bloody hurts though, then... I take this... ohhh... painful journey... towards courage and... gin would help... honor.



Right, then...
Appears to be a problem here...
Rather determined lot, I'd say.
Right, then... Won't happen again.
Right, then... Heart has recommenced pumping.
Not possible. Though it would not have been a problem in my younger years.
It appears the enemy has gotten lucky. I will require medical attention.
I will need to retire to slumber shortly.
Orgh! Cramps! Not enough bran I'm afraid.
Not much of a loss, really.
Not much of a loss, really.




Right, then... long career, but you never see enough of that, now do you?
I don't imagine, I'll ever get used to the humidity here. Much less tolerable than the jungle, I dare say.
Well, then... Once again I have completed my orders fully to the satisfaction of all concerned.
Won't be doing that, then, now will I?
Could have had a little more umppph, I dare say! Rather disappointed, but we can't be expecting perfection every time, now can we?
Quite a bang, I'd say. Rather exhilarating. Push the proper right out of anyone. Why I'd bet they enjoyed it for miles around. A proud moment, then.
Regrettably, there are all types in this man's army.
I am beginning to question whether changing allegiance was the proper course of action.
A rather sorry lot indeed.
Take cover... I fear they're making a move from the safety of the air.
I'd mostly likely be better off wearing just me knickers and carrying a letter opener rather than toting this junk here and about.
All right, then... A rather fine day for war it is.
As man of strong moral fiber, I do believe the woman of this outfit are due their due respect.
Right, then... due recognition.
Gin upped again are we?
I can only hope that it serves a lesson for the need for sobriety in thought.







Bloomin' tulips! My cataracts are on fire.
It is futile. Futile, I dare say.
Well, right then... Another party heard from.
Extreme caution. There are undesirables milling about.
I don't believe they have all been put to rest, so act accordingly.
A rather precious find, I dare say.

Right, then... due recognition.
Really? I presume you have thought the matter out, then. Well... good riddance to you!
Well, then... That was the last of them then, wasn't it?
Appears to be a problem here...
She's quite the stickler for the do and the don'ts, I'd say. An admirable quality in a woman.
An Egyptian river cat!
Well, right, then... The matter is settled. It was a blast! A most invigorating experience, it was at that...
It appears they sought sanctuary elsewhere. Most likely caught a whiff of the tea, I believe...


Right, then... Check me off as well...
Not standard issue, is it, then?
Step back, now, then... I believe this booby trap is disarmable.
The ground is most suspicious. Extreme caution required.

All right, then... Awaiting further instructions, while enjoying the respite.
Right, then... That thingabooby appears to have given us the ability to communicate with the outside world. A rather good thing, I suppose.



I believe finding a method to open the door below remains our best option. Right, then, well... At least that would be my current understanding of the situation.
There appears to be but one exit. I believe we're stuck with each other, then...




I'm afraid we may have sacrificed part of the team to the blades. Rather shoddy way to go, I'm afraid. Doubt even their equipment would be of value now.
Quite a bang, I'd say. Rather exhilarating. Push the proper right out of anyone. Why I'd bet they enjoyed it for miles around. A proud moment, then.
Right, everyone's present, then. Time to move on.
She's quite the stickler for the do and the don'ts, I'd say. An admirable quality in a woman.
I've seen this man before. Believe it was in Panama, when I was there enlarging the canal. A rush job, it was. Had the world's largest freighter anchored offshore waitin' on me to finish.
Rather hard to believe that you once signed my checks. Well, very well, then, since that's no longer the case...
Shame we can't spare the time. Would loved to have chatted with the lad about my excursion to Frobisher Bay. He might have know my guide Johnny Outboardmotor. Man could harpoon a Beluga like no other. Very well...then.
It's a shame I didn't know anything about this Arulco affair before, you'd probably have been home for weeks, Manuel. Maybe even have had another boy by now. I was sitting around inactive for months. Shame really.
Right, then... I expect my experience will prove to be handy, then. I cannot even begin to list my contributions to warfare, however I am quite sure all of them will be evident shortly.
Cleveland? Gateway to the Great Lakes, I believe. Haven't had the pleasure, John. Hasn't really been much of need for my services in that part of the mid-west. Shame really. Are you sure your up to the task?
Ah, the Pacific... fine memories, Tex. Can't say I recall any cowboys, or horses, however. Course, I was only fifteen, then, at the time. Mostly jungle, if I recall. Dense jungle, and Japs behind every blade of grass.

Right, then... well you are free to vote on the matter, however I could rig us up something rather nice. No need for daredevil tactics; a loud noise, a puff of smoke, and we'd be able to drive a truck through there in no time.
He won't be giving anyone else the task of menial guard duty, now will he? Right, then...
No offence intended, but I should probably take a look a that note.
Could have had a little more umppph, I dare say! Rather disappointed, but we can't be expecting perfection every time, now can we?

Right, then, what have we here? A fourteen century, Native American buffalo gun, I believe. Even appears to be in an operational state.
That was the last of those blasted Egyptian River cats. A rather aggressive lot they were.
Inexperienced, incompetent, jackass! Let this be a lesson to all of you, explosives are a dangerous thing in the hands of the untrained.
Indeed. The fool managed to blow up everything he was carrying as well.
Right, then... Very few problems a well-placed charge can't solve. We'll just have to get clear and cover our ears.
A rather remarkable door, I dare say. Reinforced to the extent that explosives may not even do the trick.
I am absolutely certain I heard something open.

That is the nuisance alarm I was referring to. Rather grating, really.
Right then... Seen this before, I have... Part of the missiles' delivery system. There was a threat to Arulco indeed. Well... right then, the escape will be made by way of the lift over there.
I shall reset the destination on the control panel to be the same as the point of departure. Much like I attempted during my mission into Pakistan in the late sixties. Only this time I shall get it right.
There is a power plant here with the most annoying alarm. I had to bloody well listen to it every day all the way over at the mine. Makes this most irritating noise every time they shutdown the fan.
























