Enemies in the vicinity!
OK, let's go!
Scheisse!
Too much biology here for my taste.
I must be in the wrong time at the wrong place here...can you all see that thing too?
I hope this is not a preview of our future?
Ssh, I heard something.
It stinks here like in my father's animal food factory! Wonder if we could put them in tins as pet food?
It is much too quiet here...something is wrong...
I am never avoiding a fight, it is my second nature... but this here, it is like a big game safari...one of these damn things could pop up to me around the next corner!
From where the hell are all these animals coming?
Ah, something useful..
What is that there?
I have to reload....but with what?
I am.... hit hard..but I am also liking life ...would be nice if somebody  is coming to help me...
Lennart! Schei?e... Us Estonians have to stick together. Aah! It will not be the same without you...

That is indeed a shame. I mean, she was an American, but..somehow a little more Italian, if you know what I mean...
Scheisse...is it time for...oh..eh?
My gun is jamming!
They want me...very much.
That was very rough.
Hah,just missed...you will not get me so easy like that!
Even a sniper could not hit anything here...oh, am I a sniper now too?
Hey, that is my blood...MY God...is that MY blood I am seeing here?
When it is time to sleep, you should sleep...there is a time for fighting and a time for dreaming.
Just breathe, Janno.
One more gone.
Like I am saying ...big game safari.
That Sidney...he will soon have a unmoving upper lip...do you wish to bet on this?

If I must listen to this Reaper much longer, I will be a bad mental case. He really is getting me down...
I got Mike...ja, good feeling.
Maybe I should have followed in the footsteps of my father... Canning animal food is a nice, quiet job.
Good to have a big blaster like this.
Ja, all done!
No, that will not do.
Ach, she probably could not cook either.
 - So...that was it - the monster mama.
You know the kind that are not appreciating a good meal? Annoying , very annoying.
Somehow this is all just so...scheisse.
I do not like any of this. The country, the people, ...and mainly the dummies all around me...
Air attack!
Scrap...it is all scrap!
The people need much more training and they must be willing to LEARN.
I could pick an English face out of a thousand different ones.
Slowly but surely, I am getting better.
That plan - it is somehow ..not good.
Hmm. That was to be expected.
So now I have to listen to this Schweinehund Sidney the whole time? If I had known that, I would not have been here.

Jaaa, Lennart! I just knew I would like to work together with you.

I like her. American women are usually...well...But with Grace?.. You can know right away her Italian blood - and they know their food too.
What do you say we wait a while - just to see how things go...
Nein...Mike?
My eyes are on fire...dark...nein..NEIN..I can't see..!
Nobody in the world could do this.
Friendly people here.
This sector is occupied...by the enemy...time to change that.
Attention! I think we have not got them all.
What is that?
My weapon always speaks the last word!
Hey, looks like Joey...the one we are looking for!
I am pleased to be here, Miguel.
I think we have killed them all.
Is something not missing?
She deserved that.
A big cat..I don't believe it.
We can say it now...it was really like a...'mission impossible'. But...we did it!
All gone? Hmm, they have retreated, I think...
I must sleep...eating and sleeping must not be neglected.
Ready for duty.
Me too.
I could do it ok if this thing would work...but it's kaputt.
Looks like explosive to me.
Attention...it could be a trap down there.
I'm...going down..!
I am here now - I await your orders.

Your reputation is not the best...people talk about it.
I am a merc because I choose it...but this does not mean that I love death...
I must complete my tax forms...I have no time.
I have a date...sorry. You see, I did not know until now...I mean, that you wished to extend my contract...next time, tell me much sooner...
Here Janno Allik. If you are having important news for me, please speak now
Ok, we are all done here...much luck for the future.
Better you look for a different merc. One who likes to work with SCHEISS Englander!

I need a change...when I hear Reaper, I get cold and hot. The world gets dark around my head...
I should like to work more for you...if you wish this too?
Gut. You should be happy with my results too.
Very good...I shall join you.
Together with Lennart? I will go through scheisse, I will even eat it too... you understand?

Something is telling me no, but when you have Grace Girelli...I am with you.
After the last mission? I would not walk with you even to a snack bar!
I said...
Money is everything. A stupid saying, but in your case, it is fitting. You have not enough money.
You are having a problem, hmm? I will leave now.
You have perhaps made a bet how many mercs you lose on a mission? Nein, nein...not with me.
When I am looking long enough at Sidney, I feel my own upper lip going stiff.

If I have to work longer with Reaper, I shall myself become a member of the Dark Forces of Evil...nein, thank you.
My friend Lennart and I are an unbeatable team...that is why I shall ignore  my feelings and I shall say Yes.

With Grace Girelli? I would wander through Arulco with pleasure... otherwise, I do not believe so.
I said...
You have not enough money. You have perhaps not been noticing this?
Hello...
I would now like a steak with big potatoes and gravy, hah!
I should have taken my camera with me...for some nice photos, you understand?
For how long do you want me to be working for you?
I am cooking and my onions are burning black - when you have a good plan please call me back - only then will I stop cooking.
I do not want to work with Sidney...I am having an allergy against his kind ..nein.

I just want to tell you that my contract is ending soon.
I am better now - I think more money would be fair for me, hmmm?

