Enemies close!
OK, let's do it - I wouldn't mind letting fly with a coupla knives..
I shoulda listened to Mom.
I can see one of those things.
They look like....no, don't even think that...
Ohh, NOT a nice way to go.
I heard something there!
They stink like haggis - you know - the Scottish national dish? Better watch it beasties, otherwise I'll can you and ship you to Scotland...
This does not feel good.
Every time I turn around I imagine I see one of these horrible monsters in my face.
Hey, get me out of this...I'm at the wrong end of the food chain.
What 's that?
What is that?
Time to get more lead.
I need morphine...fast!


That's a darn shame, Janno. I hardly knew you, but I always had a kinda good feeling when you were around...and you really liked the fine things in life too...damn...
What was I doin?
Even guns get scared...
Dirty bastards! It's gettin' pretty hot for me here.
Owww!
Wow, hi there adrenalin! Hoo,they tell me you can get hooked on this stuff.
I can't even see a target here...or am I supposed to be usin' heat-seekin' missiles?
I'm losin' too much blood - and I didn't even pack my iron rations...
I'm done...I'm gonna lie down for a while, ok?
No air...
Yeah!
Argh! They stink even more when they burst.
I can't be with that Red in the same fuckin? team...he's got tinned haggis in his pack - barf!
This Numb guy is totally crazy! I think he drinks his own blood...yeah, I can just see him..slurping it up.
This Meltdown reminds me of my Aunt Lucia. A female supernova.
Sorry, Mike. It just wasn't your day.
Not..nice...
Cool it, Grace! Olive oil isn't fat...that's what my Aunt Lucia says, anyway.
Waiting for next command.
That..will.. not.. happen..!
She mighta been a snake, but she did achieve a lot..for a woman.
Ohh, my queasy stomach.
I just can't stand guys like that. You know... the kind who complains at mealtimes and can't even open a ration pack himself?
This is all so...depressing.
I'm surrounded by crazies - heh, almost reminds me of home.
Air attack!
The gear could be a lot better - I'm not used to crud like this.

These Scots are more macho than we Italians. Horrible...and the stuff they eat, yuch! Yeah, that's probably it... it's the slop they eat that does it!
This is gettin' to be fun...
From where I stand...not too cute.
Well, didn't expect anythin' else...
How can I possibly stand three days with that Red?..and what if he decides to stay on..and what if he's taken his stinkin' haggis with him as well?
That dummy Numb...here? Nooo...I must've done somethin' real bad. Maybe when I beat up the last guy my mother chose as a marriage candidate for me?


This Janno guy is ok. Reminds me of my little brother Alfredo.
Let's take a raincheck...I want to see how things develop.
Mamma Mia! Mike?
Aah, right in the eyes...Madonna, I'm blind!
I can see when something just won't work.
Nice, the people here...
Enemy presence!
There's still a few of 'em left...don't get careless!
What's this then?
A real sweet weapon!
That's him! Catch that boy! Be careful, tho'...he's just a child.
We'll support you...depend on it.
This sector has been neutralized.
Do they think we're so dumb, huh? Aren't we supposed to notice that there's stuff missin'?
Pity...there's not too many strong women around - shame she was led astray.
A...er...wildcat!
I'd call that a good day's work! Hey, I'll miss all this, you know...but maybe the next contract's waitin'...be good to be involved again.
The enemy has retreated, it would seem. Pansies...
I'm really beat...I can do more when I'm fresh.
Aahh, that's better! Let's burn some lead!
You took the words right out of my mouth.
I seem to have a small problem..with..this..thing..
That's one for the specialists...somebody's been playin' around here...
What's that on the ground? Looks suspicious...
I'm..going..down...


Nooo thanks. What I found out about you is soooo negative, friend.
There's a family reunion in Trenton next year - I wanna be there.
Uhh no...I have to take care of my nephews.
Sorry, I'm going on a further training course. Next time, don't wait until the very last minute before you decide to extend...
Grace Girelli here. Please leave a message. Mamma, if it's you...yeah, I'm fine...and no..I have no time at the moment and I'm NOT interested in meeting any nice young man...Ti amo...Ciao!
My contract's up...ok..time to leave.
And ol' Hairy Horrible Haggis is on the team too, huh? He is?...that horrible Red crud? Thanks, in this case, I think I'll decline.
That Numb has a couple of screws loose in his hard-to-find brain! He doesn't care if a mission turns into a horror trip...no, not our Numb! That's why he's here, he's makin' sure it WILL be a nightmare! No thankYOU.
What do they all call her? Oh yeah, Meltdown. Have you ever actually sat down and maybe reasoned out how she got the name? I can tell you from experience, it fits. Don't even ASK me to join you.
My contract's up...I'm interested, bello, if you are.
OK. Understood and accepted.
Very good...mission, here I come!


Well, I have my doubts..but...is it true that Janno is working for you? Yeah? OK, you can count me in.
I'm still workin' on gettin' over my bad experiences with you...
I said...
And just HOW do you expect me to pay my running costs? Nope, you can't afford me right now.
I'm not used to this, but, ok...I'm gone.
You know. I think bein' alive means a lot to me...if it didn't, I might stay.
That Red extols the virtues of his Scottish stink food the whole day long, damn haggis! As soon as we have a free minute, he starts up about the ingredients. Noooo, that's way too much for my sensitive Italian soul.
Nono, no kamikaze tactics thanks...when Numb's on a team, it just gets crazier'n'crazier. I don't care if he came up from the gutter...he probably didn't have it easy as a kid. But he...is...cra...zy!
I get big red spots all over my skin when I hear that Meltdown's voice. I'm sure you understand...I can't stay...for my health's sake.


My Mom would say '"Grace, are you-a crazy?"...and she'd probably be right in this case - but to be honest, I like working with Janno...so you got lucky. I'll stay.
I say again...
What, no cash? That's BAD if you're in the mercenary business.
Grace Girelli here.
Oh, by the way, I'm very good with knives...
I'm gettin' pins'n'needles from waitin'...
What kind of contract timeframe are we lookin' at here?
When you have even a rough idea what you need, call me.
I.. really.. cannot.. stand.. that Red...Scots pig. And he's so full of himself, he wouldn't even recognize the cold shoulder if it went up his ass! No way do I want to be in the same team as him!
With all due respect, it doesn't do your reputation much good when you hire psychopaths with fists for brains.You DO know who I mean, huh? I'm talkin' about Numb. I can really do without crazies like him, thank you.
Remember our contract will soon be expiring.
I work constantly on my skills - and it pays off. I mean that literally, by the way...

