These fuckers are here - I can feel them.
Time to load up.
Looks like deep shit time.
There must be a fuckin' nest of these things here somewhere.
Last week at the Jap's place, I thought I saw my Sushi movin' on the plate - and that strange feelin' is back again... Hey, are you seeing the same thing as me?... this...mutant...fish thing?
Our mutant fish fucks have been here - if you don't want to be a fast snack for them...keep your eyes open!  
Ssh...hear that?...
At least you can 'smell' them comin': Those mutant maggots. 
The quiet before the storm...
I can feel those fucking fish eyes watching us...
You'll find me hard to get...Fish dicks! 
Something here?
Something lying there.
Have to reload...
I'm hit...badly...!
Laura, girl! Nooo...NO! Not you too....VERDAMMT...this should not be...
OK, Henning...dammit...you were the best...
C'mon, Grunty you can't just... give up and leave us like this!
What am I doing here?
Fuck it..jammed!
Looks they want me...a lot.
That was rough..
A close call.
That is laughable - shoot from here?
Hey, I'm bleeding...and it looks like a bad one - I need treatment.
Sleep helps now and then.
C'mon Rudolf...breathe!
Jaa!
Not moving a muscle...the pussy, hah!
I found that clown Gasket amusing at the start - now I need him like  I need itchy piles...

I'm here to do a fucking job...not get distracted by a stupid dum-dum like Bull!
Mike is history.
Thank fuck the dead don't care how they look...

I'm ready!
I will not carry out that order..
Someone should have done this years ago.
Maybe Greenpeace would cry murder - I fuckin' won't.
Fucking asshole.
All this crap...it makes no sense anymore.
The others should really pull themselves together - we will fail if they  don't...
Air attack!
Maybe we should pass our equipment over to the enemy...it would be a  brilliant strategical move - then THEY would have all this fucking useless crap to work with.
These people still have very much to learn...and the first thing  is to move their fucking asses!

Sometimes my sheer quality surprises even myself...
That MUST be a joke, ja? Nooo,...you're serious...you really mean it...
What can I say? I knew it was a shitty plan.
That guy there, ja, that Gasket...He is a total fuckin dickhead... Tell me he is here by accident or it's just a coincidence...PLEASE!

Laura does everything right...what a girl!
Respect. Those military East Germans were good.
I LIKE that Helmut Grunther...did you all see that?
Seems a bit too soon to me.
Fucking Mike..????
Everything's dark...I can't see...!
Cannot be done.
Nice people here...you just have  to treat them right - THAT'S the important thing...
Achtung!! Enemy - fuckin kill them all!!
No relaxing..we haven't got all those fucks yet.
What's that?
Good gun.
That's Joey - catch him!
We are here to solve the problem. There will be no problem.
We've cleaned up here pretty good.
There are things missing here - somebody's trying to fuck us over.. But he'll regret it, whoever he is...because when I find out who it was, I'll make him eat his own dick with mustard!
She was a dumb bitch anyway...
A big cat!
It was a well planned out mission - in every way. I hope that this has helped this country...and the world.
We seem to be on our own...maybe the enemy's pulled back  to have a think about strategy.
I must get some sleep - now.
I'm ready and willing!
Me too.
This thing's kaputt!
Careful! This reminds me of a booby trap.
Achtung, something on the ground there!
...Fish fuck in it...and I drown in it...(gurgle...)
I'm here. Waiting for orders.

I only ever work with good people, ja? And I have NO reason to believe that you belong to this category.
I'm not sure if all these deaths in your teams are necessary... and it looks to me like you don't even fucking care...that is not the way I work.
No can do right now...I have to take my dog to the vet.
Keeping all your options open until the last minute, ja? That's one sure way to get me to say Auf Wiedersehen... Next time, ask me sooner.
This is Rudolf Steiger. Leave a message - maybe I'll call back.
My role here is over - I wish you luck.
You're asking me to join you? And you've already hired that fuckhead Gasket? Noooo...my mother always told me that pros and fuckheads don't work well together...Lecken.

I'm the kind of guy who learns from his mistakes - and me and Mr. Fucking Bull on the same team will NEVER happen again.
Are you interested in extending my contract? I would be...
Here's to continued successful cooperation...
Fine, I'm on my way.
I don't mind passing the time of day with my baby - it's always a  big plus when you have Dr. Laura Colin on your team...and you are  really going to need a lot of damn big plus points for this..kamikaze job.
You managed to hire Henning - that surprises me, I must say... he's an absolute pro. OK, if he's on the team, you can count me in, too.
God knows how you persuaded Helmut Grunther to join you - but you did. I'm with you - I would like to work with him.
Do you really think I would join you after that last mission? Fuck off!
I said...
I don't like for little fucking farts...but POOR little fucking farts? Auf Wieder-fucking-sehen!
You and I both know that this is not right - but I will leave now.
Your death rate is too high - you treat your team like your morning shit - you push it out and forget about the fucker...
Dickhead sickness runs in Gasket's family - but in his case? it fucking gallops.

If you like fucking dumb gorillas and brainless slaughter, Bull is your man... but you'll have to do without me on your team...
Laura and I will soon be celebrating an anniversary  ...with her by my side, I will even take on this...risky mission...
I like to watch Henning work. He is truly one of the elite pros -  and because of him, I am interested in extending my contract - in spite of my doubts about this mission.
Helmut Grunther can take a difficult mission and make it look easy - he is the reason why I'll stay on...but put this on the record...  this mission sucks.
I said...
Hey - what does PFF mean? Aah, are you curious? It means...Poor..Fucking.. Fart...is the message coming through loud and clear?
Hello...
I have better things to do... 
Do you want me to just soak up the sunshine?
How long should the contract run?
Call me when you KNOW what you want...
Fucking Gasket? He was on a mission with me some time ago... I'm amazed the psycho dickhead is still alive...he nearly got us all killed and that is NOT, I repeat, NOT an experience I wish to relive.

Remember - my contract is running out.
I have perfected my skills - sould this not show in my pay packet?

